BUG take n_components strictly greater than fraction of explai… (#15669)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v0.23.rst

  `ValueError` for arguments `n_classes < 1` OR `length < 1`.
  :pr:`16006` by :user:`Rushabh Vasani <rushabh-v>`.

:mod:`sklearn.decomposition`
............................

> - |Fix| :class:`decomposition.PCA` with a float `n_components` parameter, now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Fix| :class:`decomposition.PCA` with a float `n_components` parameter will
```

>    currently exclusively chooses the components that explains the variance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   exclusively choose the components that explain the variance
```

Reviewer 2: In my view, the edits look great! Thank you!
